# HTML CSS NOTES
## Frontend vs. backend
### ACCESS A WEBPAGE IN BROWSER

BROWSER **--- REQUEST --->** WEB SERVER
BROWSER **<-- RESPONDE ---** WEB SERVER

browser will send a request to the server where this page is hosted on the internet.
So each and every website is stored on something called a Server.

Server is a computer that is connected to the internet and is able to receive and responde requests.

Then when the server receives the request, it will take all the files that make up the website and send them back to the browser.
(the server sends response to the browser)

once the browser receives these HTML, CSS, and JavaScript files from the service response, it will take the code and render the website that we were trying to access.

process of writing HTML, CSS, and JavaScript code that the browser can understand is the process that we call Front-End Web Development.

static website is basically a website where the files are simply sent from the server to the browser as they are. So without any transformation.====


the website needs a whole application running on the server, and they also need a database,which contains all datas.

use languages like Node JS, PHP, or Python. So what these languages do is to take data out of a database and assemble that data into the final files that will then be sent to the browser as the response. And this whole process is called Back-end Development.


Now in this situation, we say that we have a dynamic website because the website is dynamically assembled from different pieces on the server.And that happens each time that someone visits the website.

the big difference between static and dynamic 
In static, the files are already done and in dynamic, they first need to be generated by an application that is running on the server.
